updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#17016)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/samples/sql-tracking.md

10. In the WCF test client, double click **GetStockPrice**. This opens the `GetStockPrice` operation that takes one parameter, type in the value `Contoso` and click **Invoke**.

> 11. The emitted tracking records are written to a SQL database. To view the tracking records, open the TrackingSample database in SQL Management Studio and navigate to the tables. For more information about SQL Server Management Studio, see [Introducing SQL Server Management Studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/ssms/sql-server-management-studio-ssms&view=sql-server-ver15). SQL Server 2008 Management Studio Express can be downloaded [here](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=180520). Running a select query on the tables displays the data within the tracking records stored in the respective tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. The emitted tracking records are written to a SQL database. To view the tracking records, open the TrackingSample database in SQL Management Studio and navigate to the tables. For more information about SQL Server Management Studio, see [Introducing SQL Server Management Studio](/sql/ssms/sql-server-management-studio-ssms). SQL Server 2008 Management Studio Express can be downloaded [here](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=7593). Running a select query on the tables displays the data within the tracking records stored in the respective tables.
```
